Chosen randomly for the muscles.

1) Tell me about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
[You’ll want a story that illustrates your ability to work with others under challenging circumstances. Think resolving team conflicts, dealing with project constraints, or motivating others.]

S. I once had to work with someone who was not only very different in terms of personality but in style of communication. We were only two members of a larger team and we both were in leadership positions.
T. I was meant to be organizing the team's priorities and planning next steps, and in general to provide a strong motivating presence to the group.
A. To better work with this person, I realized that I not only needed to adjust my communication style but to take stronger initiative in making and executing plans rather than discussing them. My coworker was less concerned with management and more with creative control.
R. I decided to defer in those areas and focus instead on the success of the group, which unexpectedly and I believe fortuitously put me in a position of responsibility and increased influence where the goals of the project was concered. My decision to focus on the practical hurdles I believe led to our success as a whole.

14) Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet.
[Think of a recent work crisis you successfully navigated. Even if the outcome didn’t ideal, find a lesson or silver lining you took from the situation.]

S. Working at my final restaurant job, I had a coworker who was somewhat prone to both insomnia and accepting double shifts. My coworker, my only partner in a kitchen scheduled to be understaffed, completely lost his grip.
T. We were working a typical Thursday night that unexpectedly became seriously busy. We were facing an 800 ticket night.
A. I was forced to do the job of three people. I also had to manage his outburst, since we worked an open kitchen. I sent him away to take a break and cool down while I focused on keeping service as regular as possible.
R. It was frankly a terrible night, but it taught me something valuable. I had thought that I was only a mediocre contributor to that work environment, but when it came down to it I proved that I could not only handle it at its worst but do so such that no customers noticed anything amiss.

22) Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone at work to see things your way.
[Talk about your thought process or preparation]

S. At my first kitchen job, we had a number of repetitive tasks that needed to be done.
T. Prepping ingredients and putting together pizzas were only a couple of things that I was tasked with completing.
A. I decided to make things more efficient and more interesting. I made a few small improvements both to prep technique and to food presentation, all of which excited my supervisor who adopted them immediately.
R. However, it wasn't long before the head chef caught wind of the situation. Others had complained that the presentation elements were unnecessary, despite their populatrity with customers, and the chef herself resented the innovations to prep despite the time saved. I was a little too new to be making changes, yet eventually the business closed that location.

26) Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
[Your response would ideally address values and motivations directly even if the question didn’t explicit ask about them.]

S. A museum that I worked at during college had an abysmal set of teaching aides and presentations.
T. I wasn't so much tasked with updating them as continuing them, but seeing that they were far below professional quality, I chose to renovate them.
A. I used a number of skilled Powerpoint and video-editing techniques, as well as some very in-depth research, to update four of their presentations and create three new ones, all in only 3 months.
R. The result was not only the appreciation of much of the museum staff but the recognition of a national museum based in DC, who used the information I gathered as official information in their exhibits.

28) Tell me about a time when you worked under either extremely close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?

S. My very, very first job, I worked at a clothing store outlet that was the base of the regional manager.
T. This manager demanded the utmost in precision and tedious exactitude, and gloried in a military fashion in keeping a widely used clothing store constantly immaculate.
A. My response was to escape as soon as I could when she arrived. For a pay of $6.70 an hour before tax, I could not be induced to keep hangers exactly equidistant and folded clothing piles exactly, rigidly cubed. I learned right away that I withered under a spit and polish manager, particularly one who made a point of appearing on the busiest days.
R. In the end I learned to be satisfied with my own work ethic. The store managers all were persuaded that I was a good employee, but it wasn't long before I had to leave a job that I considered pointless.